Woman:
You know, when I first
discovered the lump
I just knew
it was something,
you know?
Even though
the doctor told me
I had fibrous breasts.
Yeah, a double
mastectomy later,
I learned how to
trust my gut.
Maura:
That's terrifying.
You know, it was
really hard, you know.
I was sick as a dog.
But enough about me.
[sighs]
They lopped off my tits.
So what, right?
Mm. Do you want
a showery or a bathy?
Are you a showery
or a bathy?
I'm a showery.
I used to be
a showery.
But I--
I'm becoming a bathy.
Okay, um--
Are you comfortable
sharing a room? I am.
Yeah, I guess
you could say I'm NATO.
What is NATO?
Not Attached to Outcome.
Well, that's very pretty.
What is this?
It's a bracelet.
Is that real turquoise?
It is.
Thank you.
Here.
Want to spoon?
Am I the spooner
or the spoonee?
You're the spoonee.
That's good.
You like to be spooned?
I do.
Your heart's beating
pretty fast.
[sighs]
Is this rude?
No, it's good.
**
[laughter]
[coughing]
Trespassers.
- Sarah: Ha, ha.
- Get in.
Come on,
it's so warm.
You guys high?
Not anymore.
[laughs]
Sarah: Come in,
come in, come in.
All right.
[laughter]
Ready?
- Fuck, that hurt!
- Did that hurt?
- Did it?
- Oh, my God!
[laughing]
You guys think that
the beginning of the end
of the Pfeffermans
was, like,
the day we stopped
swimming in this pool?
There was
an actual day?
It was like
a summer.
I remember that.
That was the summer
I got my period.
And I was wearing
maxi pads.
And I wanted to
come in with you guys
but I wouldn't.
And then, like,
two months later,
the, um--
the, uh, pool guy quit.
Unrelated to your period.
[laughs] Yes,
unrelated to my period.
Why would it be
related to my period?
Sounded like
it was related.
[laughing]
No. It was a
coincidence.
The pool guy quits.
Then the pool
fills up with leaves,
and goes fully leafy
for two whole years.
- Well--
- Because no one
will scoop it.
Ali: Yeah, the bottom
got all gray and green
and brown.
- And copper.
- Sarah: It was,
like, slick.
You could slide on it.
Oh, my God,
doesn't this feel
amazing?
I actually do feel like
I kind of turned a corner
out there in the woods.
I'm thinking that,
I don't know,
maybe I'm just gonna,
like, look into religion,
God or get my goddess on.
- [laughing]
- No, seriously.
I'm actually
thinking about, like,
looking into
Judaism more,
and finding out, you know,
my spiritual mojo.
Oh, Judaism.
Just, you know--
you gotta promise me--
What?
No Raquel.
Not Raquel.
Guys. Tea party.
Tea party, tea party,
tea party.
- Tea party.
- Okay. Ready?
- Ready?
- [inhaling]
[water gurgling]
**
Ooh.
[moaning]
- Vickie.
- Yeah?
[sighs]
I don't know what to do.
What would you like?
I'm not sure.
You want to see me?
What about this?
On or off?
Uh, off.
- Off. Okay.
- No, no, no, no.
- On.
- Okay.
For now, on.
Yes.
[moaning]
[loud moaning]
Oh, God!
My God!
[panting]
Man: I love where
the rock wall takes you.
You notice all
the extra spaces.
You guys,
I just realized
that this is
the first time
that we're all single
at the same time.
Since, like,
I don't-- Forever.
Oh, my God.
- We should, uh--
- That's so weird.
We should all get married
in a thrupple.
Incest is best, yo.
Will you help me
take care of my kids?
Woman: [on TV]
I could not have got a--
a better space for myself.
I like this, too.
Who'd have thought of that?
Man: Sure, I mean,
I really was feeling,
like,
one of the most
important things that we
could use this space for--
Can I have this?
Please.
Woman: I want to
start doing work
right now.
Man: And all your
medical books
would be stored
on the bookshelf.
In fact, there's a ton
of storage space.
See, under--
under here--
Woman: Oh, I see that.
Man: Right, so you have
nice little storage area
here in the ottoman.
Bring it inside.
Open up this big panel--
I had this recurring dream
that I have a
finite amount of time.
It's like I have
one hour,
and in that hour
I have to say goodbye
to someone I love
who is about to die,
and I have to
say it perfectly.
Because it's so important.
And every time
I look at the clock,
the clock ticks forward
one more minute,
and that is one minute
that I have lost.
I don't even know
who it is
It might be my mom.
I have no idea.
What's she like?
- My mom?
- Yeah.
My mo--
I haven't seen my mom
in a while.
I mean,
I'm embarrassed to say.
Go on, say.
I haven't seen my mom
in three years.
Was it because
she didn't support
your transition or--
No, it was
different things.
I mean...
she's never seen me...
as Maura.
Would you come with me?
To see my mom?
I, uh--
Going to see
peoples' parents
is just--
It's too intimate.
I'm not-- I'm not ready
for that right now.
I get that.
I admire that.
Boundaries, right?
- Yep.
- We need boundaries.
And you have
some great boundaries.
They're hot.
You have
hot boundaries.
**
* I am on a lonely road
and I am travelin' *
* Lookin' for somethin',
what can it be? *
* Oh, I hate you some *
* I hate you some,
I love you some *
* Oh, I love you *
* When I forget about me *
* I want to be strong,
I want to laugh along *
* I want to belong
to the living *
* Alive, alive *
* I want to
get up and jive *
[laughing]
- Yeah.
- Woman: It was iconic.
Woman: Yeah, it was bi--
it was bionic.
- Leslie: It's was bionic.
- Woman: Fucking bionic, yeah.
It was, it was--
Sprout.
Hey.
Howdy.
See you guys later.
Come on in.
**
- You're late.
- I'm sorry.
[smacking]
Drop your shit.
[clattering]
[smacking]
Get on your knees.
Pull that up.
This'll do.
[smacking]
Thanks.
Oh, hip.
Easier than
dealing with cash.
Yeah,
cash is so dirty.
See you next week,
Sarah.
Okay. Thanks, Pony.
[knocking]
- Hey.
- Hey, yourself.
Is my mom home?
Oh, she's out
getting a haircut.
Right.
Um, can I come in?
Sure.
Yeah, so, um,
it's official.
I am no longer
a career undergrad.
Diploma's in the mail.
Well, that is tremendous.
That's great, sprout, I'm--
I am-- I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
It's kind of weird.
Big change.
Plus, I'm still recovering
from Idlewild.
[chuckles]
Is that normal?
Uh, well, you know,
it kind of depends on
the year.
I mean, sometimes
the Idlewild hangover
can take a few days,
and sometimes
it can take a few weeks,
and then my Red Bull budget,
man, just goes right--
right through the roof.
Is Maura okay?
I don't know.
I think she will be.
- But--
- Yeah?
Yeah, I just,
I guess--
Wish I'd known.
You know?
About the divisiveness
in that whole community.
Yeah, well, I--
[clears throat]
I would have told you
if-- if you'd told me
that night
you were bringing her.
Yeah. But it actually
kind of relates to
what I've been
thinking about, you know,
this whole pain and anxiety
that's just been passed down
through the generations,
and not just the Holocaust,
or the pogroms
or the Jew shoes,
it's just sort of
more like, uh--
like metaphorical
Holocaust.
- It's--
- Ali.
You don't have to
perform for me.
I'm--
I'm not,
I didn't--
I didn't know that I was.
Just be yourself.
Okay.
I want you to be
one of my TAs next year.
Oh, my God, really?
Thank you.
That's great.
Um, but let me just--
Let me just toss an idea
at you.
- Okay.
- Okay?
You and I,
we-- we really--
we had some fun
at the fest.
Did we not?
Mm-hm.
Yes, we did.
I-- I didn't know if
we were gonna bring that up.
- It's up.
- Okay.
Honestly, you are--
you're-- you're someone
that I would really
like to take my time with.
I would really...
like to take my time
getting to know.
But it's against the
faculty code of conduct
for professors
to fuck students.
Mm. Even their
grad students.
[chuckles]
Even grad students.
So, take your pick.
You want to be my student,
or you want to be
my old lady?
Band's good.
Really good.
Goin' on tour.
Eight different cities.
You learn more by traveling
with somebody for two days
than you do knowing them
for two years.
Um, what about
you and Mom?
You guys seem to be
getting pretty close
pretty quick.
That's true.
You okay with that?
Of course.
I mean...
I think so.
I mean, is it--
It's not really
my business, right?
Yeah, it is.
It's important to me
what you think.
[bird squawking]
What was that?
I don't know.
Is that a goose?
It's a duck.
Uh, hang on.
Take your jacket off.
Yeah, take it off.
- Shh, shh.
- Why?
Hold it out like
a shock blanket.
Like--
like in front of you.
Hold it out.
Stretch it out
in front of you.
- Like this?
- Good, yeah, now you're
gonna wrap it around him
so he can't flap his wings
so he doesn't hurt himself,
okay?
- Okay.
- Easy.
- You want me to carry him?
- Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
that's good.
Okay, let's get him
out of here.
Keep him safe.
Okay.
Ali:
I'm really sorry.
I'm sorry, um--
What are you
sorry about?
I'm sorry about
the weekend.
I wouldn't have
brought you if I'd known.
I--
I think I might study.
With Leslie in the Fall.
Oh.
You know,
I don't know Leslie,
and I don't know the people
in the Gender Studies program,
but I suggest, uh,
it's always wise to
steer clear of people
who are overly
attached to dogma.
But that's--
that's me.
Okay.
You okay?
I'm nervous.
How do I look?
Pretty.
Deep breaths.
Yep. Rose Pfefferman.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Mom.
Hi, Mom.
It's Morty.
They call me--
They call me Maura now.
Maura.
Hi, Mom.
You know Ali.
[door opens]
Hey, Bri.
Woman:
1139 Soto.
1139--
There it is.
- Sure you want to go in?
- Yeah.
He might be paralyzed,
he might be crippled.
He better be
fucking crippled.
[knocking]
Oh. How do I look?
- You look pretty.
- No, I don't.
- Yes, you do.
Stop it.
Yes, I am--
I'm looking for Chaim.
Who are you?
I am his wife.
This is his daughter.
Who are you?
- Chaim.
- You are also his wife?
[speaking Hebrew]
Hi, baby,
you made it.
On our own
we made it.
No thanks to you.
You're lucky
we found you.
We had no idea
how to find you.
Well, I gave your mama
my address.
You lie to her.
You lie to her!
She still loves you.
Don't lie.
- Where's Gershon?
- He stayed behind.
He stayed be--
What you couldn't
get him a visa?
What, you can't--
You can't nothing him.
You couldn't
get him a visa?
You can't any--
Who is this, huh?
Who are they?
- Muriel.
- Muriel,
did you know
that he promised to
find us a home?
Hm? To send for us?
Rosie, I am still your tate.
I will always be your father.
You like books, right?
There's a book store.
I'll buy you a book.
Hm? Huh?
Yeah?
About a knight, hm?
Or about, uh, what, what?
Sewing? Hm?
France? Huh?
[chuckles]
I just don't want you
to look at me
the way you're
looking at me right now.
Can you-- can you not--
Can you look away?
[baby crying]
Rosie, please. Please?
Can you look away?
Stop looking at me
the way you're
looking at me right now.
- It's okay, it's all right.
- Can you look away?
[baby crying]
[speaking Hebrew]
[spitting]
[knocking]
- Yes, come in.
- Hello?
Where--
What are you doin'?
- What are you doing?
- I'm-- I'm sorry.
I'm a little late.
You're not a little late,
you're a lot late.
I was on the 405,
there was an accident.
What can I tell ya?
My meetings got pushed,
so it's no big deal.
Perfect.
I finally sold that
Creative Campus on Skid Row.
Oh. Good for you.
Gentrification
wins again.
- What are these chairs?
- We just got these.
They're so low.
I mean, look.
That's the idea.
- Well, they're designed--
- They're terrible.
No, it's a specific thought
in mind to make--
This Melanie's idea?
It was one of her ideas.
I got something.
This is why I'm here.
I present...
restitution.
What is it?
This is a $485
color palette.
- I knew it was you.
- Okay.
- Well, anyway,
- I'm sorry.
- You're so stupid.
It was an accident, though.
Like, I didn't mean to take it.
I was just admiring it,
and then it fell--
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Well, did you get
a gift receipt?
Why?
Melanie, uh--
Ditched me.
What do you mean?
She's, like, gone?
She said something about
she thought that
she rushed into
this relationship,
or that I might just be
too boring for her.
What?
What a bitch.
You're not boring.
[sighs]
It's just a bummer.
It's like--
Well, I'm sorry.
[sighs]
Nothing's adding up.
It's like I thought stuff
would add up by now,
but it's like everything's
slipping through.
Can I say something?
Yeah.
Well, it-- it seems pretty
clear to me that, uh...
you're in shock.
- I am?
- Yeah.
About what?
Well, lots of things,
but mostly I'd say
the loss of your father.
What do you mean?
Joshua, your father died.
I mean, I see Mop
all the time.
You know.
I mean, when somebody dies,
you can't really see them, so--
Maura is not Mort.
Yeah, but I--
I did not like him.
So?
Why, you think
I still miss Mort?
What do you think?
Well, it's like
politically incorrect
to say that you miss someone
who has transitioned, so--
This isn't about correct.
Joshua, this is--
This is about grieving.
Mourning.
Have you grieved and mourned
the loss of your father?
Him? Like losing him?
No, I'm-- I don't know
how to do that.
That's okay.
[sniffling]
[sobbing]
[door bell rings]
- Hi.
Hi.
Do you have a minute?
**
[grunting]
[panting]
That's it, push.
[grunting]
It's taking too long.
I think something's wrong.
Nothing's wrong, Yetta.
Give it a second.
Doctors these days,
they know what they're doing.
She doesn't even
have a name.
Rosie doesn't even
I picked out a name.
There's nothin'
to worry about.
I'm gonna call her Fay.
Fay?
Fuh!
- You don't like Fay?
- Fay Pfefferman.
Fay Pfefferman.
It sounds like
a movie star.
What makes you so sure
it's a girl, huh?
Well, a father
knows these things.
- [grunting]
- That's it.
[grunting, screaming]
[baby crying]
Congratulations,
it's a boy.
[crying]
* 'Til you take
your last breath *
* But you will learn *
* To like me *
* To survive me *
* Your father before you
and your sister, too *
* Your husband and
blah, blah, blah, blah *
* You, hoo, hoo, ooh, ooh *
* Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh *
* Ahh, ahh, ahh, ha *